README.md, before:

- 👋 Hi, I’m Anderson Hsieh
- I'm a second-year Computer Engineering student at the University of Waterloo.
- Started my software development career at my freshman year, I consider myself as a full stack application developer with the choice of dev stack being MySQL, Spring Boot, Next.js/React.js and Android
- I believe the best way to learn is through personal projects, which is why I am currently in charge of the task/order management system for Bristle Co. Ltd, a wheel brush manufacturing company location in Taoyuan Taiwan. Checkout [link](https://github.com/Bristle-Co) for more!
- My short term goal in the next 2 school terms is to wrap up higher-level programming project developments and discover more about embedded/firmware development. Also Looking for Summer 2023 internship in related fields, please feel free to reach out to me if oppotunities come across

- h2hsieh@uwaterloo.ca 
- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/anderson-hsieh-6003a41ba/) 
- [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/anderson_hsieh_/)

Commit message:

mention where to find bristle github organizations on my profile

README.md, after:

- 👋 Hi, I’m Anderson Hsieh
- I'm a second-year Computer Engineering student at the University of Waterloo.
- Started my software development career at my freshman year, I consider myself as a full stack application developer with the choice of dev stack being MySQL, Spring Boot, Next.js/React.js and Android
- I believe the best way to learn is through personal projects, which is why I am currently in charge of the task/order management system for Bristle Co. Ltd, a wheel brush manufacturing company location in Taoyuan Taiwan. Checkout [Bristle](https://github.com/Bristle-Co) under my Github profile -> Organizations for more!
- My short term goal in the next 2 school terms is to wrap up higher-level programming project developments and discover more about embedded/firmware development. Also Looking for Summer 2023 internship in related fields, please feel free to reach out to me if oppotunities come across

- h2hsieh@uwaterloo.ca 
- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/anderson-hsieh-6003a41ba/) 
- [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/anderson_hsieh_/)
